hey everybody this video is just to show
the Serato DJ software working with the
Pioneer DDJ s1 in case you know there's
people that still have it and haven't
got the DD j sx but you can still now
you can use the sarado DJ software as
well let me show you few little tricks
like if you want to go from the sampler
see all your different things your
sampler record and I think you press
this button here that's the area button
and say you have your record your
effects your sampler and back to just
the library so if I'm gonna use the
sampler of course but that's green on a
havasu a few songs in there already and
the pretty cool thing is that you can
control it by doing this you press the
record button although your cue points
will line up or light up I should say
and what you do is you you press one and
it'll trigger that sampler
press it again and you can adjust it you
can have it that every time you press it
it just gives it a little burst of sound
or you can just have it play all the way
through I use songs in the sample banks
so and if you have them on sync like you
can select sync on each one and if
you're playing a song here I'll play a
song yeah and this is coming out of
the main main two channels so now pay
attention if you press one of these
songs that you have here on the sample
this is coming from the sample I will
press it maybe you can see it and it
triggers it I'm gonna press on number
three the third one
so that's one right there I'm gonna stop
this the deck from flank so you can just
keep mixing the line like that the other
channel you know the other the other
deck you can start to you can make a
nice long mix like that you can look
your duck because you just want to be it
works pretty good if you want to go back
and stop the sample that's playing
you'll know which one is playing on your
sample deck because it it blinks and
you'd like this look here and what else
you press record mode again and you
still have gonna do normal cue points
another thing too is with the roll I
guess when you have a loop I haven't
used this yet I saw it on the mr. Otto
website but you can
you have to press shift at the same time
I can do it in the morning well we try
with one her one hand
alright so that
even that as well that's something that
it doesn't do before with the sarado
hitch so you hold if you have a loop so
that's a little loop right there oh I'm
sorry that my selection but you can if
you hold the loop I mean you hold this
the shift button then you could of
course you can do it better than that
but you get the idea that's another
thing and for the sample banks to
control the volume while you're so
you'll be able to do it from my
controller but if you have a little a
small I'll show you right now let me
stop this song let's say you're playing
a sample one of these samples which you
can and you don't even you know you can
play as many as you want okay so the one
that's blinking is playing
what I was going to show you I
forget okay but you see four is playing
so I have this assigned this MIDI
controller small little thing probably
worth 40 40 to 60 bucks I don't know if
any way you get it and you can control
the volume of that particular sample
right here think of this MIDI mountable
so you hook this up very easy to to set
up so I have this to the total volume on
sample one two three four five and six
and then I have this one for the main
volume the sampler itself so it works
out pretty good
and this thing is very cheap and it's
not an expensive thing you have control
over your and you can you're gonna sign
whatever you want to these pads if you
want extra control okay that's about it
for now but you can see all this in the
Toronto website so it's not like
something that I discovered I just
wanted to show everybody else in case
they haven't seen it yet okay bye bye
thanks for watching